SEO excerpts: Use part 4 (#3838)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/user-defined-actions/alter-and-delete.md

---
title: Alter and delete user-defined actions

> excerpt: When a user-defined action has run its course, you can update, reschedule, or delete it. See how to do it in Timescale Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: When a user-defined action has run its course, you can update, reschedule, or delete it. See how to manage user-defined actions in Timescale Cloud
```
